[FLINK-26738]Mark StateDescriptor#defaultValue as deprecated and add doc (#19229)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/datastream/fault-tolerance/state.md

- The map state with TTL currently supports null user values only if the user value serializer can handle null values. 
If the serializer does not support null values, it can be wrapped with `NullableSerializer` at the cost of an extra byte in the serialized form.

> - If enable state TTL configuration, the default value configuration in `StateDescriptor` will no longer take an effect.

Reviewer: I think it's better to explain why this operation is reasonable.

> - If enable state TTL configuration, the default value configuration in `StateDescriptor` will no longer take an effect, since if we get the value that equals with the default value from TTL state, we can not judge whether the key is expired, which make the semantics unclear.

Reviewer: How about change like this?
```suggestion
- With TTL enabled configuration, the `defaultValue` in `StateDescriptor`, which is atucally already deprecated, will no longer take an effect. This aims to make the semantics more clear and let user manually manage the default value if the contents of the state is null or expired.
```
